So you may be wondering, how do we distribute apps on the App Store and what goes into that?
Well, distributing our app on the App Store is a critical process.
Now, it's not one that can be done easily and it's not one that we can show you end to end.
As deploying applications to the App Store requires a lot of additional meta work meta, meaning that
you have to fill in a lot of documentation.
You have to put together a lot of resources.
You have to look at so many different aspects of your app.
But what we do want to give you is the general guidelines that you can go through in order to get your
app in the right state to deploy to the App Store and play store, meaning that we're just going to
show you how to build a standalone app, create that need of build that you can then supply to the App
Store in the play store.
When it comes to the eventual submission process, that is something that we cannot show you and we
do not recommend that you go through with either meals to go or focus time, as neither app is really
set up to be submitted to the App Store as they are just test apps for learning purposes.
Now, you could go and adjust focus time or meals to go and build out a more rigorous and more well-rounded
implementation of all of the different features.
And you could try to submit that to the App Store.
But at the end of the day, the submission process is one tailored to both platforms.
Both iOS and Android have very different requirements in terms of the process you need to follow.
Expo has amazing documentation on how to deploy your app to the App Store, what best practices to follow.
They have an installation guide for setting up windows in order to do the builds and that you have the
ability to really understand how to generate these builds as well as Expo is going to manage the builds
for both iOS and Android.
So it doesn't really matter if you're on Windows, Linux or otherwise.
As long as you set up your system correctly, you can generate the build and Expo will do the rest for
you.
Now, knowing that if you choose to build for iOS or Android, what we were going to show you is solely
the basics of generating that build output that you can then go and use to follow along the documentation
of the Apple App Store or the Google Play store to go through the submission process.
But getting that native build is the biggest step and biggest hurdle that you will need in order to
set yourself up for success when going through that submission process.
And so we'll be showing you part of the documentation that takes you through that.
And you can always reach back to the documentation in order to set yourself up for success, as well
as go to the Expo, Help and guidelines section, the Expo, GitHub.
They have a lot of resources if something happens to your build or things are going wrong.
But again, do not try to deploy either meals to go or focus time to the App Store.
They are not set up in order to be accepted to the App Store.
They are solely learning materials.
You can, however, adapt them and adjust them in order to try to go through this process.
But again, we will not be helping you go through the individual processes of filling out all of the
documentation for Android and iOS.
This is merely setting you up for success in order to understand what all goes into it.